Publish level 2+3 patterns as a gitbook automatically (#242)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: book/contribute-to-this-book.md

# Contribute to this book

> You want to help us make this book better? That is awesome!

Reviewer: Gr8 intro!

The InnerSource Patterns book itself is an open source project, and welcomes any form of contribution. Nothing is too small!

If you have never made a contribution to an open source project before, know that the InnerSource Patterns community is group of friendly people and with that a safe place to try it out :)

## Before you get started

As the sources for the InnerSource Patterns and this book are kept in a repository on GitHub, you will need a user account there to make edits and  suggestions to this book. If you don't have a user account at GitHub yet, head over to [github.com](https://github.com) and create one for free.

## Different ways to contribute

Here a few ways in which you can contribute:

> 1. fix spelling, formatting, or other glitches that you notice in this book
> 2. improve the content of the existing patterns
> 3. contribute new patterns of how you have overcome InnerSource-related challenges in your organization

Author: ```suggestion
1. fix spelling, formatting, or other glitches that you notice in this book
2. improve the content of an existing pattern (e.g. by adding a short description of how you are using a pattern as a _Known Instance_)
3. contribute a new pattern, describing how you have overcome InnerSource-related challenges in your organization
```

> 

Reviewer: Should we mention donuts and reports of _Known Instances_ here, as well, @spier ?

Author: I added a short description of how adding Known Instances is a great way to contribute.

I would leave the Donut bit away for now. We are hoping that we can get the book readers to make small low-friction contributions, so I wouldn't get into the nitty gritty of the donuts vs full patterns here.
